Amanda Sukhdeo
Internet and Web Programming
Spring 2024 

2. What are some examples of how PHP and JavaScript are alike and how they differ?
    Both PHP and JavaScript are object-oriented languages. They are easy to read and understand 
    and use HyperText Transfer Protocols to execute a program. Being scripting languages, they 
    are interpreted rather than compiled and are weakly typed. However, PHP differs from JavaScript 
    in that PHP is a server-side scripting language that runs on the web server instead of a client 
    machine, while JavaScript is a client-side language that runs on a user's laptop, phone, or tablet. 
    PHP is primarily used for backend development purposes as it can quickly scale websites, and its 
    performance and security are top-notch. In comparison, JavaScript is mainly used for frontend 
    development purposes and is highly regarded for creating user-friendly websites.

3. Define MVC, what are the responsibilities of each piece?
    MVC stands for Model-View-Controller, a software architectural pattern 
    commonly used in the development of web applications. This pattern enables 
    developers to separate an application into three interconnected components, 
    each with distinct responsibilities, to organize the code in a way that 
    separates internal representations of information from the ways information 
    is presented to and accepted from the user. The model component represents 
    the data and the business logic of the application. It is responsible for 
    accessing, storing, and defining the rules for how the data can be changed 
    and manipulated. The view component is responsible for presenting data to 
    the user. It displays data from the model to the user and generates the user 
    interface, which can change dynamically based on changes in the model. Lastly, 
    the controller is an intermediary between the model and the view. It listens to 
    user inputs communicated through the view, processes them, and returns the output 
    display (view) to the user.